Jocelyn Corrales: Hi.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you turn your video okay see you now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, yes. Okay, that's great. You're on.
Jocelyn Corrales: Me check if I got your chart right
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, could you please state your name, your date of birth.
Antoinette Casados: Yes, it's Antoinette could solve those data booth is 090 292
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great. They have your chart.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what we're going to do today is that we're going to, you know, just talk about your day to day living, so what we're going to do is that
Jocelyn Corrales: We're going to be clan leader about improving the quality of your life. So it's a work in progress that needs to be reviewed every
Jocelyn Corrales: 30 days. So I'm going to check on you. Every 30 days to check in you. If you know if you're able to adjust to the plan or if the plan is helping out
Jocelyn Corrales: Is, you know, very helpful for you or not, or if not, we could always, you know, our device it or change it.
Jocelyn Corrales: So this is a plan to improve the quality of your life. So what we're going to talk about is the just the basic things about you. So let's start with what's working well for you. So when you see what's working out for for you. It starts with the activities of daily living, such as
Jocelyn Corrales: Waking Up getting out of bed, taking a bath or a shower reading brushing your teeth, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: doing chores eating.
Jocelyn Corrales: On time able to sleep on time, you know, if you're in pain. How do you manage your feet. So just like what, how do you deal with your day or what do you usually do once you wake
Up.
Antoinette Casados: Got it. So now that I'm off of work. I kind of stay up really late and so I sleep in a little bit late, which that I think I'm having a that kind of messed up my whole schedule so
Antoinette Casados: And then I would go to work I would wait I would go to bed by 10
Antoinette Casados: And wake up by five will now I've been going to bed like one in the morning. Two in the morning because I've been out of work for two months until we open back up.
Antoinette Casados: So I guess now then when I wake up I wake up around like maybe 10 3011 and I really need to stop doing that because it's almost time to go back to work. So, so as soon as I wake up, I'll go brush my teeth.
Antoinette Casados: And then once I'm doing that. So I always shower at night. So then when I wake up in the morning. I just gotta brush my teeth. I'll get up, I'll start cleaning my room like make my bed.
Antoinette Casados: I live with my mom and go because she's sick so she has emphysema. She's an oxygen, she's just really six and me, my husband live with her. So I'll get up a clean my room, see if she needs anything any help inside so premium is pretty much what I'll do. As soon as I wake up and then
Antoinette Casados: I'll go outside to my garden and water my garden.
Antoinette Casados: I have like bird feeders and hummingbird feeders. So I'll go out and put them food to feed my cats. Um, I am usually not that hungry in the morning. Like, as soon as I wake up, they'll take me at least a couple hours to get an appetite.
Antoinette Casados: I usually don't eat breakfast. I'm just like, lunch, and dinner and snacks. So I would say a couple hours after that then I then I'll eat something.
Antoinette Casados: When you know just continue on through the day, just hang out since I'm not working, watch TV, you know, get on the internet.
Antoinette Casados: Sometimes I'll go into town to get like the central stuff that we need
Antoinette Casados: But that's about it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, you mentioned that before when you were still working you sleep at around 10pm and wakes up at around five o'clock, but now because of you know you've been out of work 3005 30 weeks up at 530
Antoinette Casados: Yes, about
Jocelyn Corrales: It. And now, because of the current situation.
Jocelyn Corrales: You wake up at around nine to 11am
Antoinette Casados: Around like usually tend to
Antoinette Casados: Go before
Jocelyn Corrales: Then 11am
Antoinette Casados: Because I'm going to bed.
Antoinette Casados: So late
Yeah.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you might routine now since like the I've been on since March 19
Antoinette Casados: And that's just been my routine and I've never been like that, but it's just because I'm home when I know I don't go to work. I don't want nothing to do the next day. So now I kind of lost a whole sleep schedule. It's
Jocelyn Corrales: Not like you lost your
Jocelyn Corrales: usual routine.
Antoinette Casados: Yes, I did. Definitely.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's, let's, let's put this back. Let's put that in the plan for you to able to
Jocelyn Corrales: Eat. Yes. Because when you go back to work, you're going to have a difficulty.
Jocelyn Corrales: Adjusting again because you know
Jocelyn Corrales: You've been waking up late sleeping late breaking up late. So let's go back to the usual routine maybe let's try to do doing an alarm clock and make sure that you're able to wake up. So
Jocelyn Corrales: And just to make use this just to make you know keep going in today. Let's, why not try to do some exercise in the morning. Do you exercise.
Antoinette Casados: I don't know.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's include that in the plan.
Antoinette Casados: I didn't get your
Jocelyn Corrales: Question in now, you're not doing anything.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I think you're doing good, you know,
Antoinette Casados: Back and forth.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, because you have
Antoinette Casados: No.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. No. Instead of doing work, you're at the whole whole day and you know you don't have a lot of things to do at home. Maybe we could plan later on what you could probably do.
Jocelyn Corrales: For your day to day so that, you know, it keeps you busy during the day and at least you know you won't feel bored. So instead of watching
Jocelyn Corrales: TV totally
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually when you do what you know what people usually do nowadays because of the pandemics that just, you know, it's like being a couch potato you knows to see it on the TV old they actually makes you lazy. It actually makes you more lazy.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's try to limit their
Jocelyn Corrales: TV activity and let's let's check on your
Jocelyn Corrales: Hobbies, and what do you like to do. What do you usually like to do
Antoinette Casados: So my biggest hobby right now is my garden. So I got home and I just started the garden. Now that I've been out of work. So I had to redo the soil, put my seeds in we're building a fence around the garden. Why did he have a fence around the garden for like the animals don't get in
Antoinette Casados: We need to redo it better.
Antoinette Casados: But yeah, my biggest talking right now is my gardening.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. That's good to hear. And a lot of people are actually doing gardening right now. And that's also one of the things I suggest
Jocelyn Corrales: My patients because you know
Jocelyn Corrales: What do you do you plant vegetables or you do flower gardening.
Antoinette Casados: Yes, I did. I'm doing a vegetable garden.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's kids.
Antoinette Casados: Learning every year for like the last
Antoinette Casados: Two years.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's a good thing because you don't need to buy some of those vegetables, when you have it available in your backyard.
Antoinette Casados: Exactly, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's fresh and you know that you're growing up and you know it's natural and organic
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you like garden. He went there the other things that you do you, do you like music you like drawing
Antoinette Casados: I'm actually like to color. So I'll do like adult coloring books I bought a couple of books now that I had been off for work because I knew I was
Antoinette Casados: Like the first week I was already so bored at home. And I was like, getting to me. So it wasn't time to start my garden yet because it was too cold.
Antoinette Casados: And so I got some adult coloring books and they started coloring
Antoinette Casados: So I do that haven't done it lately. Now that I actually started the Guardian. I haven't really paid attention to the coloring, but I should get back into it.
Antoinette Casados: So do that and then I I ride dirt bikes have a dirt bike.
Antoinette Casados: Me, My husband will go out and ride.
Antoinette Casados: And that's pretty much it. I would say, I don't really
Antoinette Casados: Do anything else. Because when I was at work. I mean, I didn't have time for nothing else.
Antoinette Casados: It's, it's kind of like weird now that I'm off work now I have all this time and I'm like, oh, I don't know what to do. Because when I
Antoinette Casados: Was at work. I just didn't have time for nothing. I was always at work.
Antoinette Casados: And I'm a manager so
Antoinette Casados: It's very like demanding and I'm there the entire day. And they're late and I'm there every single day. Sometimes on weekends. And so when I get home. I'm just exhausted and my mind is exhausted and my body's exhausted. So I just
Antoinette Casados: Relax and
Jocelyn Corrales: Do, man.
Antoinette Casados: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what is the nature of your work. You said you're a manager in what's you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Our unit, the part
Antoinette Casados: Like retail, so it's
Antoinette Casados: It's at a motor vehicle department. We're private motor vehicles, you
Antoinette Casados: Know, Mexico, um, well our company. Our owners. She owned about 11 meds, called the MVD express and she owns about 11 here in the state of New Mexico. So I run the office and sanity, so like we new customers driver's licenses register their vehicles. So please, that
Jocelyn Corrales: Me. Yeah, I know it's going to be very busy. If you're going to do you know those documentation.
Jocelyn Corrales: And renewals
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay you like Rd deals like do you play music
Jocelyn Corrales: Or do you like music
Antoinette Casados: Don't I listen music. I love listening to music. Yes.
Antoinette Casados: And I'll see him. I see a little bit
Antoinette Casados: About it.
Jocelyn Corrales: So do you have a hard time sleeping.
Antoinette Casados: Usually, no. And I think I just stay up because I'm like I'm home and I'm watching TV and I'm watching all my shows. And just my husband because he's still working. So when he gets home. You know, I feel like that's our time to hang out.
Antoinette Casados: And then we'll stay up and. But usually when I go to sleep. I don't have a hard time. I usually fall asleep, really quick. There's been times that sometimes I'm just not sleepy and
Antoinette Casados: It's already getting really late like two in the morning and then I just want to go to sleep. So all this and I can't. So I'll listen to like asleep.
Antoinette Casados: Guided meditation for sleeping so I'll just kind of leave my phone next to me, turn off everything online and better now listen to the guided minute meditation and that puts me to sleep is
Antoinette Casados: Really helpful.
Antoinette Casados: When I fall asleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. Get actually that's actually very helpful. You know, listen to music.
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing self meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: And sometimes also aside from doing self meditation. Sometimes there are some people who read. Read a book, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: They able to sleep, maybe read a book, but there are some who, you know, they're, they get stimulated when they read a book. But usually, whether the other things that we usually suggest, aside from meditation and listening to music. You could actually do some exercise.
Antoinette Casados: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Exercise. Exercise and yoga, you know, let's also some kind of
Jocelyn Corrales: Meditation at the same time.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like working out and meditation at the same time, you know, he ticer you get to tie yourself tire yourself and you know after you feeling tired and relax you know get to sleep afterwards.
Jocelyn Corrales: But, you know, listening to music, listen to music is also good.
Jocelyn Corrales: If it works out well for you. That's good.
Antoinette Casados: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and
Jocelyn Corrales: You also do the household chores you mentioned you clean the house.
Antoinette Casados: Yes.
We also
Antoinette Casados: Um, sometimes usually my mom's womb that cooks.
Antoinette Casados: And I feel like it's because because she's so sick. She's not limited to a lot of things yet she's on oxygen full time like 24 seven somewhere to breathe easily, but I feel like she's very independent and she doesn't want stuff, taken from her. And I feel like she doesn't want
Antoinette Casados: To feel like she's not useful or
Antoinette Casados: She can't do those things.
Antoinette Casados: So, usually there's times that she won't even let me clean the dishes. I'll ask her, like, oh, let me clean the dishes, since you cook dinner. She's. No, no, just leave it. I'll do it.
Antoinette Casados: And I think because she gets anxiety to from being stuck at home and she's so at risk. So she can't really be out
Antoinette Casados: On because she has a lung disease and what the corona viruses. She can't say, there'll be times that I tried to help her clean in the kitchen, and she just won't let me. Um,
Jocelyn Corrales: But for the most part, she's
Antoinette Casados: There'll be times that I do the cooking like any what we're thinking
Jocelyn Corrales: I think it's fine, as long as she could tolerate those activities.
Antoinette Casados: Yes, and I think it
Antoinette Casados: Was just want to
Antoinette Casados: Like
Jocelyn Corrales: I think she I think she would feel better if just moving around the house because, you know, if you just let her sleep all day. It would actually make her weaker and
Jocelyn Corrales: letting her do some activities that
Jocelyn Corrales: Able to let her do some activities that she's able to tolerate it would actually make her more, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: More active and more, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: That's really better, but at least it you know she's better if she's you know doing some stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: You'd rather than yes, it keeps her movie.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because she's going to be more sick if they if just she just say something you're actually people like that, you know, they would rather move around as long as they're able to tolerate it. It's fine.
Antoinette Casados: Right. Yes. And I definitely see that with her and they've always told her, like, you need to do exercises because her lungs are so bad.
Antoinette Casados: It's only like 20% lung function right now and it's really bad, but they don't want her to just not do anything because like you said, If she doesn't, then I think it's going to make her worse like she's not
Jocelyn Corrales: At least her at least her doing some chores. This already her exercise, but then let's let her do some
Jocelyn Corrales: Yoga exercise because it might
Jocelyn Corrales: She might have difficulty.
Jocelyn Corrales: Beach. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's going to be very
Antoinette Casados: She was away. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: If, if, in your case, it would be fine doing basic exercise and doing big basic yoga. That's actually good for you, but maybe not for her but you know her doing some chores that I think it's a good thing for her this a little bit of, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: And it is something
Antoinette Casados: You have to be
Jocelyn Corrales: Able to move around as long as it's not contraindicated I think for doctors would like her to do some moving around. That's already her exercise. At least she walks around the house, you know, sleep a little here, you know,
Yes.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah.
Antoinette Casados: Okay, that's you think
Jocelyn Corrales: So with regards to your mental health like
Jocelyn Corrales: Positive Thinking exercise. How you regulate your emotions or moves, especially when you're moody, or you're angry. How do you manage it. If you're having some stress or distress. How do you manage it.
Antoinette Casados: Usually when I'm getting really stressed or angry of the situation. I'll try to just like let it go.
Antoinette Casados: Try to not think about it so that way because I noticed when I get these really bad migraines on the side of my head.
Antoinette Casados: The doctor says it's maybe what it is really short pain in there. And when I started to get stressed or angry have a certain situation.
Antoinette Casados: It just like really works me up in that pain starts to come. And so when I noticed that happening. I kind of just let it go and not think about it, especially with stuff that's out of my control, you know, and I can just keep dwelling on it.
Antoinette Casados: Kind of just like step aside and like breathe and just say it's not worth it. I could feel the pain coming in. So that's why I'm like, Okay, I just need to stop thinking about something else.
Antoinette Casados: I'll put my mind on something, whether it's by going to the TV or, you know, doing something, anything reasons, thinking about it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Well, you can actually try you've mentioned that you're doing self.
Jocelyn Corrales: Meditation or music meditation you could actually do that listening to music. Okay, and be around the years, you know, just be yourself. Because if you're angry and you, you tend to react to it. You know, you tend to hurt people ever. And it's good that you try to just
Jocelyn Corrales: Let it go. And just, you know, it's good to be alone. At times, especially when you're on a bad mood, so it's okay to be alone, try to, you know,
Antoinette Casados: Do
Antoinette Casados: I stay in your room.
Jocelyn Corrales: Try to stay in your room and
Jocelyn Corrales: Listen to music.
Antoinette Casados: If not, you know what I do.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could also do some really exercise. Let's just like you mentioned, breathing exercise now. Breathe in, breathe out, try to relax and it's good if you put an also some music.
Antoinette Casados: It's like self meditation. Okay.
Antoinette Casados: Awesome. Yeah, I'll try to stay in my room and just like shut myself out just so I'm not getting so angry nor
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, because sometimes the more you see that person.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, we got some more. You see this person in the more you get irritated.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right, it's better to be alone.
Jocelyn Corrales: Thank you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Although you're trying to let it go. You know, you want to let it go. You try to let it go. But if you see the person you know trying
To go somewhere.
Antoinette Casados: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'm just adding here the
Jocelyn Corrales: Possible suggestions or plan that we could do.
Jocelyn Corrales: So with regards to your spirit will sell. Do you consider yourself spiritual
Antoinette Casados: Little. Yes. Not too much.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's right.
Antoinette Casados: Like thought about that or what. No, I would say not too, too much.
Jocelyn Corrales: A little bit spiritual not too much.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah, a little bit.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you into
Jocelyn Corrales: A religion. Do you know
Antoinette Casados: Like Christian. I'm not. No, I'm not.
Antoinette Casados: No, I'm not really big on religion too much.
Antoinette Casados: When I was little, my parents said they had me in Assemblies of God.
Antoinette Casados: But I didn't grow up really, you know, going to church or I would do it a little bit with my sister in law. She was she's a big Christian and, you know, does that stuff and but me. I haven't
Antoinette Casados: Like I believe in God and I mean I have my own beliefs and stuff, but I'm not real big on religion as far as like, going to church or praying every day, I guess, or you know just stuff like that. I'm not too, too big on religions but I
Antoinette Casados: Am I know that I had that connection with somebody that
Antoinette Casados: I think that's good for me.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you do you believe that there's a higher being, that control says, you know, that watches over us, something like that.
Antoinette Casados: I do, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and you mentioned that your sister in law.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is going to church. Do you also go to church with your sister in law sometimes
Antoinette Casados: Not, not now that now that I'm older. When I was younger I used to, because I used to spend a lot of time with them with my nephew.
Antoinette Casados: With this has been a long time. So this is more when I was younger, a lot younger. So I really with it. You know, my husband's when I first got with my husband, he's Catholic
Antoinette Casados: And I would always go to them with them for like masses, or just whatever's going on at that particular time.
Antoinette Casados: So I would sometimes go with them to the Catholic Church.
Antoinette Casados: But in our lives. Now, it's not really part of our lives as far as going to it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is your husband still going to church.
Antoinette Casados: He's not know
Jocelyn Corrales: And he's not considering I think he's kind of
Antoinette Casados: Like this.
Jocelyn Corrales: He just kind of
I'm sorry.
Antoinette Casados: Maybe he's kind of like me, like we we both believe that there is a higher power and
Antoinette Casados: It was believe in God. And it's not like
Antoinette Casados: It's not us to go to church, I guess, um, I, I personally believe that we don't need to go to church to believe in a God.
Antoinette Casados: We don't have to be there.
Antoinette Casados: To be accepting. That's how I feel.
Jocelyn Corrales: Jackie. Have you tried, or have you considered maybe attending online worship service instead of going to a physical church just listening I
Antoinette Casados: Know,
Antoinette Casados: Yeah, no, I never thought about that it would be really cool, you know, to learn because I don't know a lot about like my husband knows a lot about the Bible.
Antoinette Casados: And I don't because I wasn't grown up, you know, I didn't grow up that I didn't was never taught really and he was in the Catholic church catholic church and
Antoinette Casados: He had his first Holy Communion, all of that. That involves the church. So I kind of would like to learn
Antoinette Casados: So that would, I think that would be really good. I
Antoinette Casados: Do. Yeah, mine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Instead of doing it you know sometimes when you are not ready, but you're, you know, there are many people who are not ready ongoing in a physical church but you know
Jocelyn Corrales: They have some considerations of maybe attending church, especially if you're not prepared or, you know, you're, you're not mentally prepared.
Jocelyn Corrales: Of going in there or you're not, you know, physically and mentally prepared to go there. So what they usually suggest is, why not try attending online services, maybe could learn something, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: They yes they also teach the Bible there, you know, they also, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Make you understand what these what the Bible says about. So maybe you could try attending online services and let's see if it works out for you. You're actually a lot of, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: church services online, especially nowadays because of the epidemic.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah.
Antoinette Casados: I haven't seen one of my local churches here in my town, one of the like cathedrals and they do have online services. So I've been wanting to look at it, but I haven't. I've never it's never like came across my mind. So I definitely want to look into something like that for sure.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you can see her attending online services to learn more about God in the Bible. That's good. That's good to know.
Antoinette Casados: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your leave with curry you currently live with your mom.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your husband.
Yes.
Antoinette Casados: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you have a good relationship with them. Your husband and your mother.
Antoinette Casados: Oh yes definitely. I think anybody my family. Obviously my husband were so close. We like best friends. And same with my mom, I mean her so close. She has five kids. So I have four other siblings. There are a lot older than I am. I'm the BB
Jocelyn Corrales: early August
Antoinette Casados: And they've already started their family kids MY MY NIECES AND NEPHEWS HAVE KIDS already known. So yeah, I would see me, my mom or the closest out of the whole family.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you
Pretty close to
Jocelyn Corrales: What they also have a good relationship with your siblings your brothers and sisters
Antoinette Casados: I do. Yes. My brother is not so much. It's not that we don't have a good one. Just
Antoinette Casados: And you don't really have one because they live in a different city.
Antoinette Casados: They have their own lives going on you know we talk here and there, but with my sisters. I think I'm more closer to my sisters because they're around um
Antoinette Casados: But yeah, we, I would say we all have a good
Jocelyn Corrales: That's like my name is
Antoinette Casados: A good relationship with them not.
Antoinette Casados: Too much
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it's good that you still communicate with them, although you're not very close your brother, maybe because he's just far away, and that's fine because you're still trying to get it.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's, that's, that's okay. That's okay, that's fine.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, as long as your kids, you're still keeping in touch. That's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: What about your father.
Antoinette Casados: Is he passed away when I was young, I know he passed away.
Antoinette Casados: Though almost nine. Oh, thank you. I'm
Antoinette Casados: Really close like
Antoinette Casados: My dad was super, super close our family was more closer, I felt like what he was like
Antoinette Casados: Before he passed away when we were younger.
Antoinette Casados: When I was younger.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. And do you have French
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Antoinette Casados: I think I'm a person that keeps my
Job.
Antoinette Casados: Not really, I would say, friends, not really, not people that I go and hang out with or anything like kind of and I don't feel like I want to have friends, I guess, I don't know. I'm more of like a prison to myself I don't trust people too much.
Antoinette Casados: And because my my work life. It's just, I'm so busy that when I'm not working. I would rather spend time with like family. The people that I'm close to my nephews and nieces.
Antoinette Casados: My husband and my mom. So no, I don't really have any friends that I could say, are my friends and
Antoinette Casados: We hang out or anything, you know,
Antoinette Casados: But that's because of my own choice. I think
Jocelyn Corrales: That's right, but you're, you have a good relationship with your coworkers and you know your neighbors.
Antoinette Casados: Yes, definitely.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah, definitely. I would say yes.
Antoinette Casados: I communicate with like a lot of people online like on Facebook and stuff.
Antoinette Casados: Like called coworkers old coworkers and I do actually have somebody that really close to me. She used to be my old boss. So I guess you know what that is. My best friend.
Antoinette Casados: But I consider them now. Yes. Yeah, I consider more
Jocelyn Corrales: Filler Fred my
Antoinette Casados: Boss. When I was out for right
Antoinette Casados: Yeah.
Antoinette Casados: And we were just so close. We communicate all the time. We don't see each other that much now, but we do community all the time.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine, as long as you keep in touch with your friends. It doesn't have to be physical contact, but you know, you could do on social media, you know, you could also meet via zoom
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Jocelyn Corrales: You could also chat on social medias things like, stuff like that, you know, the strike to keep in touch, especially nowadays nights, it's, it's difficult to go out, you know, with so many people around and you know
Jocelyn Corrales: It was to be
Jocelyn Corrales: And you don't want to be infected especially that your mom is sick and you don't want to
Jocelyn Corrales: Bring all those things at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's better to stay at home, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: So your husband is currently
Working
Antoinette Casados: He is yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you are
currently a member
Jocelyn Corrales: But currently, you are not working because of the current situation, but once the situation is back to normal. You're going back to work again.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah, we've got temporary closed down because we're considered non essential
Antoinette Casados: And so the government has it to were here in New Mexico, we would open up. She has the current orders. They own order businesses closed into the 15th. So next week. So we're hoping that we would go back to Monday on the or to work on on the 18th
Antoinette Casados: However, but that's still up to the governor of she decides that
Antoinette Casados: Extended even longer than we're not going to
Antoinette Casados: Order. Yeah.
Antoinette Casados: So I might kind of have a feeling that she will extend it more because they keep getting a lot of cases, it's not not decline. Let me just keeps getting more and more Jesus made it clear that is happening if we cannot keep the numbers lower
Antoinette Casados: And go down, she'll have to do another
Antoinette Casados: That's probably an extension.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's difficult. If you're not able to control the numbers and the numbers are still getting up. Yeah, that's this. It's more likely to be extended.
Antoinette Casados: By
Jocelyn Corrales: It keeps on happening because if if works. I'm going to open, whereas time it's going to increase, increase the number, it's
Antoinette Casados: Going to be worse.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's going to be, it's going to double not only bubble. But, you know, it would
Jocelyn Corrales: Move it would multiply more
Jocelyn Corrales: Because of that,
Antoinette Casados: And then there's like if they do that too early, we end up going back to work and then that happens we're going to end up getting shut down again.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah, I just feel like if that
Antoinette Casados: Case, just keep us on the same path until it's safe to go back to work until it's the right time because right now I'm also on unemployment, so we have to get for unemployment.
Antoinette Casados: So I'm making the same money that I'm making even a little bit more. When I was at work and I feel like I don't want us to have to go back to where we stopped the unemployment and then they shut us down again, and then we're gonna have to deal with trying to apply all over again.
Antoinette Casados: In there, I just don't want that to get messed up, and then
Antoinette Casados: Because that's our income, you know, that's my income.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I just
Antoinette Casados: I hope they just keep it the way it is. It's
Jocelyn Corrales: Good to be the case, but you receive unemployment benefits because of the current situation.
Antoinette Casados: Do. Yes, yes, or company paid us for the first couple weeks they beat us about a good two weeks and like a month they gave us money because the companies like will continue to pay you guys don't worry about it. Stay at home. But then I understand, because we're not making business.
Antoinette Casados: They can't keep you in all the employees for that long, so they did finally tell us we have to get on unemployment and we were furloughed
Antoinette Casados: They said none of us were fired. They were not going to not bring anybody back that's not the case.
Antoinette Casados: It's just until we can open back up, then
Antoinette Casados: They'll bring us all back.
Jocelyn Corrales: So aside from the unemployment and you also mentioned your husband is also working
Antoinette Casados: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And who does the budgeting, or who does the managing of your income or your, you know, who does the budgeting, or the managing of your money and who is responsible for paying the bills or do you work it out with your husband or you pay your own bills are you manage your own bills.
Antoinette Casados: Shall we yeah right now. Well, we just got married. We've been together 10 years no
Antoinette Casados: Sorry, that's like we've been together, almost 12 years this year I keep thinking them, but we're going to get it almost 12 years we just got married in 2018
Antoinette Casados: Before then, we were always were still kind of young. I mean, in high school I was a sophomore in high school and we first got together.
Antoinette Casados: And when we've always just paid our bills. He's taking care of his car stuff with my mom. We don't have rent. She owns the land jeans, the house. It's just like
Antoinette Casados: Like line taxes and then whatever bills we have. So we kind of just pay like as far as me. My husband go I pay my own bills that I have personally like my car, my credit cards on
Antoinette Casados: My phone and he does the same thing. And then as far as like with my mom. We help will help my mom pay certain bills.
Antoinette Casados: But we don't do it together. Like he manages his own bills and he's really good at, you know, pain, his own things. And I'm pretty good at painting my own and then obviously my mom with the house. She takes care of all the house stuff.
Antoinette Casados: As far as managing it.
Antoinette Casados: And then we'll just give her whatever needs to be paid for whatever bills will help there as well.
Antoinette Casados: Okay so we are going to learn
Jocelyn Corrales: Budget, do we need to your own finances.
Jocelyn Corrales: And Bill she do you both do it individually. But with regards to your mom's needs. And we'll see both share right
Antoinette Casados: Yes, and I think once like if it's one is Mother's Day. It's just me and my husband at that point we'll, you know, we'll get by our own house and
Antoinette Casados: At that point, we've already discussed that we are going to share the finances, we're going to create
Antoinette Casados: It together and we're going to
Antoinette Casados: Do it together.
Antoinette Casados: Instead of doing it the way we're doing now, because we don't
Antoinette Casados: Have anything really we live with my mom because she's sick and
Antoinette Casados: I said, once we get our own house. And we do our own stuff and it's just me and him then at that point we want to combine everything together and then I would probably be the one taking care of it.
Jocelyn Corrales: managing it. Yeah, you could do that.
Antoinette Casados: That's
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so we because we've already we've already discussed, what's working out for you for regards to what's not working well for you. Maybe I could put in
Jocelyn Corrales: You not exercising and you eat.
Antoinette Casados: You mentioned yes if
Jocelyn Corrales: You don't, you don't eat breakfast, but you're able to eat lunch and dinner and some snack. That's
Jocelyn Corrales: Before lunch.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it's like a snack before. So your
Breakfast.
Antoinette Casados: You like chips or something.
Antoinette Casados: And that, that's another thing too is, I'm very bad at my diet. I don't
Antoinette Casados: Eat healthy. I just like I drink. Dr. Peppers. Like I Dr. Pepper. I love Dr. Pepper. And that's all I drink lately. I have been doing a lot better with drinking water because that was my biggest issues. I just don't drink water. I don't like it. I don't like to drink water, but lately.
Antoinette Casados: Every night I do drink a lot of water. I can't drink water during the day and I don't know why.
Antoinette Casados: Especially when I'm at work, because I feel like my Dr. Pepper is my coffee.
Antoinette Casados: In the
Antoinette Casados: Evening going but like later on in the evening and the nighttime. I feel like I'm so dehydrated that I just need to drink water. And so I've been drinking a lot more water throughout
Antoinette Casados: compared to when I use what I used to be. That's something my doctor told me about his any Dr. Peppers and drink more water.
Jocelyn Corrales: So are you still drinking. Dr. Pepper. I though.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah. Yes.
Antoinette Casados: Well, in the morning when I'm getting ready. I'll drink my water whatever was left over from the nighttime logic, the rest of that water and I start my Dr. Pepper dropping in the night is when I usually only drink water.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I think you're right. Let's try to cut down on the Dr. Pepper. So how many cans need drink or do you buy a big bottle.
Antoinette Casados: I by 2024 packs and the
Antoinette Casados: Last week and a half.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah so chance or by the cans to eat out cat Eden's
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you don't know
Jocelyn Corrales: How many, how many calories you know day
Jocelyn Corrales: In a day.
Antoinette Casados: I would say like three to four.
Antoinette Casados: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you
Antoinette Casados: Know, Rudy.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you try cutting it down because she mentioned three to four. Can we try to get this out to two to three in a day instead of three to four.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah.
Antoinette Casados: And
To replace
Jocelyn Corrales: Replace it with water will do that for two weeks.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like tapering medications. So let's paper doubt on Dr.
February.
Antoinette Casados: Because I know this is that you can't like cut it out completely, because you're so good to the caffeine and sugar.
Antoinette Casados: That it would be bad for you if you
Antoinette Casados: Took it out 100%
Antoinette Casados: Yeah, but to wean myself off.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's like you're doing your medication papering let's do Dr. Pepper tapering so instead of
Jocelyn Corrales: I put here usually drink three to four.
Jocelyn Corrales: Cans in a day.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: Basically down
Jocelyn Corrales: To two to three for two weeks.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's do it for two weeks. Let's not do this, let's not do it in one week that's too short. That's the two weeks. Then after two weeks. Let's go to two cans instead of two to three cans two cans.
Jocelyn Corrales: Cans okay
Jocelyn Corrales: Or another two weeks.
Jocelyn Corrales: Then afterwards. Let's do one to two cans.
Antoinette Casados: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: For another two weeks.
Jocelyn Corrales: Until you're able to bring it back or one to one can
Jocelyn Corrales: I don't want you to get it off your system because you're, you know, addicted to it so
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's do one cans in a day until we're able to do when can in the day and until you're able to do it. Maybe one can
Jocelyn Corrales: Three, three to four times a week. You know, so let's like tapering down. So let's do that.
Antoinette Casados: Because you know you don't want to
Jocelyn Corrales: Be half
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, I don't like drinking soft drinks or even Dr papers, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: That has been, you know, open and you're going to take it again tomorrow. It doesn't taste.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like it lost it lost his power, you know,
Antoinette Casados: Day.
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's let's deeper down on your Dr. Peppers. In the end, replace it with water instead. So from cheetah for
Jocelyn Corrales: Cancer. Let's do a to
Jocelyn Corrales: Me for two weeks. Then two cans for another two weeks then want to cans for the next two weeks and one can every week until you're able to put it down to probably do drinking about three to four cans in a week instead of a day.
Jocelyn Corrales: So right that that treat forecast is about one candidate and instead of taking it every day. Try to take it maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: Every other day until you're able to, you know, just take it you know you're not addicted it
Jocelyn Corrales: Just wants to take it because you just you just craving it but you know if it's not needed. I have you tried drinking healthy fruit juices. You know, like she
Antoinette Casados: For chicks. I don't know. I should, because like I said my diets left that good. I don't even eat that healthy either
Antoinette Casados: Great. A lot of junk food, like a lot of chips and just junk food.
Antoinette Casados: Just because that's what I feel better. I crave. You know, so I should I
Antoinette Casados: I don't really like dream how these like I never thought of that.
Antoinette Casados: But maybe I should start getting into, like, you know, cuz
Antoinette Casados: I feel like water is just so boring.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: If you think it's very boring to drink water. Maybe you could do some for cheeks fresh shakes, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: For cheeks are fresh shakes. That's going to be healthier. It's like an alternative for your Dr. Pepper. And of course, try to drink water afterwards and
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe let's lesson and chips because it's very salty. It's, it's not good for your kidneys. So let's try to lessen some chips. Maybe you could eat some chips, but not
Jocelyn Corrales: As much as you do in a day. We could also deeper that you know with chips, you could always stay. Breathe out and like Dr. Pepper so
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to shave it to lessen your intake with chips. Do you eat vegetables you like eating vegetables.
Antoinette Casados: Do you usually when we cook dinner, who couldn't like born or I don't really eat salads too much sometimes like
Antoinette Casados: When I'm crazy when I guess but not really. It's not included in every like die every meal that we have, but usually every meal that will have like will make steaks and I'll make brussels sprouts.
Jocelyn Corrales: Vegetable side dishes.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine. That's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe. Maybe you do. I do like
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe we could do eat vegetables as your side dish instead of eating it alone and try to eat healthy meals like stakes for frying eggs are fine, you're
Jocelyn Corrales: Fine, you know, meet are actually okay yeah
Antoinette Casados: Like my moms like
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. You mentioned your mom looks to me like
You're
Antoinette Casados: Like you know beans with people's were corned beef hash.
Antoinette Casados: That's fine. When I end up making you're
Antoinette Casados: wanting something different, you know, to you.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's okay, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good, that's their mamas. They're taking care of you and taking care of your meals.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine if you're below.
Jocelyn Corrales: Me, maybe just try to cut down on the junk foods and Dr. Pepper.
I
Antoinette Casados: Need, but it's junk food.
Jocelyn Corrales: And replace your Dr. Peppers three shakes for cheeks.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried vegetable shakes. But I think for chicks are better. It's, I think, I think you have a sweet tooth because she liked Dr. Peppers, maybe for chicks are better and maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: It's
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe it's difficult to start with.
Jocelyn Corrales: Vegetables, maybe we could do vegetables sometime later on when you're used to, for chicks and you want to innovate your foot shakes. We some vegetables in you know
Antoinette Casados: With vegetables. Okay, got it.
Jocelyn Corrales: With mental health. I have already suggested when you have some mood problems. Try to get in alone. The room.
Jocelyn Corrales: Spend time alone.
Antoinette Casados: Right, okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do some meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: To relax. Okay. So with regards to spiritual self you wanted to
Jocelyn Corrales: You always want you mentioned that you're open for well let's see that here you consider attending online services.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I think you have no problems with regards to social relationship.
Antoinette Casados: Might yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: And with regards to financial I think you're still able to
Jocelyn Corrales: manage your finances.
Antoinette Casados: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so for waking up ideal. So let's start with a plan. So let's start lead routine week up
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's set out. Let's put back your routine your early morning routine like waking up early in the morning.
Antoinette Casados: Right. I think I do. Just go to bed early and wake up early.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's true. Because if you sleep late you also wake up late.
Jocelyn Corrales: Wake up at around
Jocelyn Corrales: You mentioned you wake up at around 10 to 11, why not do it at around eight to nine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Nine, then maybe later on, we could do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Six to seven. But let's start with 89
Jocelyn Corrales: Because you're already used to waking up at around 10 already
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's do eight o'clock in the morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: Eight o'clock.
Jocelyn Corrales: And set up an alarm.
Jocelyn Corrales: To wake you up.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do morning exercises.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because you don't get to exercise a lot
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could do. You know, you don't need to go outside to exercise, you could actually you have a yoga mat.
Antoinette Casados: They don't know
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, you can just
Antoinette Casados: Put in time that I
Have
Jocelyn Corrales: If you have a towel.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you have a map or a carpet or a towel. You could use that as you know so that you can exercise on the floor.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are up a rubber mats this mine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, if it's some of the some of the carpets are rubberized below so you could also use if you have some carpets there.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: And we'd be good. So you're eating, you don't eat breakfast. But you do eat lunch and dinner.
Antoinette Casados: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you eat on time, just like just, you just don't eat breakfast.
Antoinette Casados: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: But maybe you could eat some snacks, you know, healthy snacks probably like fruits, how
Antoinette Casados: Did you
Jocelyn Corrales: eat lunch later on.
Antoinette Casados: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried eating a piece, maybe just an egg, you know, and just an egg in a bread in the morning just that, then you know proceed with lunch.
Jocelyn Corrales: Eggs and bread or, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Your room.
Well,
Antoinette Casados: Heavy sometimes for like a breakfast meal. So like for lunch on making eggs or potatoes or omelet romantic or something, I'll eat sometimes breakfast for lunch because you know I had just woken up kindly in
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh,
Antoinette Casados: I first meals like kind of stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, but before when you were going to work when you go to work you do you usually eat breakfast.
Antoinette Casados: Know, I'll take like little snacks like a
Antoinette Casados: Like
Antoinette Casados: It's like, like I guess like sweet stuff. I do want to see. So sorry, like sweets or
Antoinette Casados: Something to work on.
Antoinette Casados: A cookie. Yeah, yeah, yeah, cookies, or sometimes I'll take chips and I'll eat that, like in the morning because I do get hungry. As soon as I get to work on.
Jocelyn Corrales: The we're
Antoinette Casados: Like a couple after hours after I'd been absolved trying to take a little bit of snacks.
Antoinette Casados: to snack on until it's time for lunch.
Jocelyn Corrales: And so what's the reason why you're not eating breakfast. Is it because you lack of time of eating because you have to go to work or
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you
Antoinette Casados: Just yes and I don't have an appetite. Yeah, I just don't feel like I have an appetite. When I first wake up. It takes about a couple hours and me up and doing things before I create that appetite.
Antoinette Casados: I think that's the biggest issue that
Antoinette Casados: You're having the appetite for it. Yeah. Usually, I don't have time in the morning when I'm getting work.
Antoinette Casados: So it's kind of like
Jocelyn Corrales: No usually busy my routine again.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Why not try making a sandwich.
Jocelyn Corrales: The night before, so that when you go to work, you could, you know, just in case you don't have time to eat your breakfast instead of eating the chips.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or instead of eating sweets things in the morning, bring a sandwich with us so that when you're at work and you feel hungry you eat you eat that sandwich for breakfast.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just in case you go back to work.
Jocelyn Corrales: On it.
Antoinette Casados: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: But since you're just at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: He's very cool.
Antoinette Casados: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or maybe your mom could prepare your sandwich. I think your mom also wakes up early.
Jocelyn Corrales: Every other, you could always tell her to Mom, can you prepare me a sandwich to that they could bring it to work. Just in case you get back to her.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because maybe the next time maybe the next time I'll meet you, you will be, you know, we're not sure if everything, but you might be going back to her.
Jocelyn Corrales: You've got, you know,
Exactly.
Antoinette Casados: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, we didn't know anything yet. But, you know, we could assume that you might be going back to work with beer.
Jocelyn Corrales: Cream Sandwich.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or breakfast.
Jocelyn Corrales: So just try to eat life requests, just in case you wake up earlier ready so either start with your routine. Make sure you wake up early. Okay, at least eight in the morning and you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Get yourself busy in the morning like your usual morning routine. Then take a bath and eat breakfast, you know, just like breakfast and of course I know you don't miss your lunch and dinner. So you eat healthy meals and racers this let's put the exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: To be fit.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's put here go
Antoinette Casados: Morning excuse
Jocelyn Corrales: To be fit and healthy. Don't worry, I'm going to give you a copy of this after I add everything
Antoinette Casados: Well, awesome. Okay, perfect.
Jocelyn Corrales: But it's good. You're also taking those because I'm I'm I'm only able to edit this on weekends. So maybe tomorrow or on Saturday on Sunday. I'll be able to edit this in by the time probably on Sunday or on Monday. I'll be sending out emails of these perfect
Plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: One.
Jocelyn Corrales: Early morning exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you also have your just in case you don't, you are not able to sleep. You could also do some evening exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or meditation evening exercise or meditation, if not able to sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: At night.
Jocelyn Corrales: Early morning exercise in worship other stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, I have to include in your meals paper weekend. Dr. Peppers.
Antoinette Casados: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And put shakes.
Antoinette Casados: Shakes like at Walmart.
Antoinette Casados: It's like a mango, mango banana strawberry and stuff like that. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, he could do that or you could, you're not allergic to strawberries.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine, you could always make up, you're not, you don't have any lactose intolerance. If you drink milk or you don't like drinking milk.
No.
Antoinette Casados: I don't drink. I don't like you, by itself, but I don't. It's not that I don't
Antoinette Casados: Like it you know I would. I just want to get by itself.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, but I'll drink it with others. Things are good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Things. Yes, he could just in case you don't your, you don't get your, you know, your stomach doesn't get irritated with milk, it's fine, you could you could make a milkshakes, like for example.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could use evaporated milk or, you know, there are some milk that are not that irritating as the fresh milk or whole milk or maybe you could put in some
Jocelyn Corrales: Powder you
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, but a clean sheets are also fine. We could also do some mix. Like, for example, banana, and Apple. Or you could do banana and shrubbery.
Jocelyn Corrales: What are the other shakes that I like, I like doing shakes also actually been a nice good very
Jocelyn Corrales: Good with
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, mango and bananas are good together. Strawberries are also good.
Jocelyn Corrales: watermelons are also fine. You could have watermelons Trevor's
Jocelyn Corrales: You could also have berry mix, like for example shrubbery, and blueberry Meeks and just put in some milk. It's like a meal Barry milkshake.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or you could just have it displayed
Jocelyn Corrales: You could just have it like me clean manga she and, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: apple, banana,
Jocelyn Corrales: God, I feel like a
Banana.
Antoinette Casados: Good.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, maybe, you know, because it's delicious either apple a banana this way. Baby slows be like a baby apple, banana,
Antoinette Casados: Oh, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: We'll see.
Jocelyn Corrales: Early morning exercise some evening exercise at night.
Jocelyn Corrales: Activities.
Jocelyn Corrales: So to keep your mind off things and keep you BC. So let's do gardening.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let's see your garden. Take a picture of your garden. See your garden afterwards you know when it's done already. Yes.
Antoinette Casados: Oh yes are like I have it ready like in sprouted yet, but I did put in like a little I got habanero, and Julie parents
Antoinette Casados: And those are the only things that are in my garden because I read everything else from seed, because I feel like I grew Hall opinions last year.
Antoinette Casados: Like any kind of chilly plant. They're really hard for me to grow.
Antoinette Casados: For whatever reason, so I always buy them already started that like Lowe's
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'll put them in the garden.
Antoinette Casados: Sorry already have like three little plants in the garden that I bought and then I'm just waiting for everything else to come up like my kid carrots.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you can actually
Jocelyn Corrales: You can actually check online, just in case. Sometimes there are things that you know that are difficult to grow.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just in case you encounter such things you could actually check online. What is the ideal.
Jocelyn Corrales: Temperature sometimes has something to do with temperature or sometimes it has something to do with the soil there. So you have to check or sometimes you could you just need to fertilize it. So, something like that, things like
Jocelyn Corrales: That. So there's other things. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: There's just the things you could check online. There are actually some tutorials and Ted specially
Jocelyn Corrales: Each specific plant has, you know, different you know some of them have also have different needs, although there are some plants that are not really sensitive, so they just go everywhere that you just put on the CD just grow their this you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Just need to water them in some sense, they just
Jocelyn Corrales: Go up there, but they are actually some clients who are very
Jocelyn Corrales: Sensitive that leads the leads tender loving care, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: So maybe just in case it doesn't work on you, you could always check it out on the internet and you know you would at least you would learn that
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Yes. Yeah. What, what are the things you're missing with this ways not growing so
Jocelyn Corrales: Gardening. And do you love doing crafts.
Like crochet. Yes.
Antoinette Casados: Well,
Antoinette Casados: I don't know.
Antoinette Casados: Her so
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, painting drawing and coloring and meaning.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe some other crafts, like, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: handcrafted like making bracelet or making you know some other stuff.
Antoinette Casados: Yes, me and my husband actually started. I haven't done it lately. We still have all the stuff I should actually do that now is make some more. We made it. We use pair record.
Antoinette Casados: Oh yeah, great.
Antoinette Casados: To meet
Antoinette Casados: You. Yeah, so we didn't make some of those around Christmas time we hadn't got we haven't got back into it but that's something I should do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is you decide
Antoinette Casados: You because You thought
Jocelyn Corrales: It was a lot of it, but you're nuts, you're still able to make
Jocelyn Corrales: everybody's lives.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah, like, well, we bought it and we made a lot for Christmas for gifts.
Antoinette Casados: Um, but yeah, gotten back into it. Now it's going to pass, but I think that would be that just reminded me of it like I should you get back into that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, you could do some handcuffs, like bracelets and other you know there are many different types of head crops that you could do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just to make your, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Just to make yourself busy.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me check on whether have placed over those I placed on one
Jocelyn Corrales: Area.
Jocelyn Corrales: Set up I look nice on anything else.
Jocelyn Corrales: Self meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: Been having a bad
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, attending online services.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could, you could do that just every Sunday.
Jocelyn Corrales: Doesn't need to be every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right. Maybe you could do that, maybe once or twice a week. But, you know, at least once a week. That's fine.
Antoinette Casados: Okay, and
Jocelyn Corrales: If you think it's interesting. You could also include your husband you you know you could be gracious. Hey, wait up. Check out the online service.
Jocelyn Corrales: The
Antoinette Casados: Online church right yeah or my even my mom too. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Online church services.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your cap is your bed.
Antoinette Casados: Yes, I have two of them.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're actually not, you know, they do not require a lot of maintenance.
Jocelyn Corrales: And like the dogs.
Jocelyn Corrales: No, they're easy to maintain.
Antoinette Casados: That I have
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: We have a lot of those. It's in my father's office. He has a lot of those
Antoinette Casados: cloud scale really
Jocelyn Corrales: We also have dogs action.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, yeah.
And they coexist.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you know that they coexist.
Jocelyn Corrales: With each other like
Jocelyn Corrales: They do not fight.
Jocelyn Corrales: They actually they actually get along with each other.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah. What we had a pit bull.
Antoinette Casados: And my old cat. This is already been like five years he already passed away, but they are gone along, you know,
Yeah.
Antoinette Casados: They sleep in the same bed and
Jocelyn Corrales: That's a key.
Jocelyn Corrales: OK for sleep skinny.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you we have to make your
Jocelyn Corrales: sleep habits or earlier.
Antoinette Casados: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And maybe around what time 10 o'clock. Would it be okay for you to o'clock or nine o'clock.
Yeah.
Antoinette Casados: I would say
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, let's do 10 O'CLOCK IN
Jocelyn Corrales: Just in case you're not able to sleep. You do exercise at around, you could do exercise at around nine o'clock.
Antoinette Casados: Got it. Okay, like a good hour before
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, an hour before so that at least by 10 o'clock, you'll be tired and you'll be sleepy already
Jocelyn Corrales: Or if you don't feel like working out, you could do. Yes. At nine o'clock, you could do your relaxation technique or self meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: And is it helping out for you, your, you know, your therapy sessions with bright heart health in your medications.
Antoinette Casados: It is, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Family
Jocelyn Corrales: Support people will be the each each staff, such as your therapies, your doctor and me and your family.
Jocelyn Corrales: Cooter husband in your mother.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: Friends are your friends also supportive of you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's put on Jesus's yes let's put a list include your friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your friends that are like families.
Antoinette Casados: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'll save this first than sherry to you so that you'll be able to see
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so I have listed here. What's working out for you. Although I have also included here. What's not
Jocelyn Corrales: working out for you, but I'm just going to edit this later on. Once I have finished editing everything else send out. I'll send out a copy your own copy so that you will have a guide at but it's good that you're also taking down notes.
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Jocelyn Corrales: So this is everything that we talked about. And I've placed here the plan. So our daily routine, wake up. So let's put you back on your routine to wake up at around eight o'clock, so let's make sure that you set up an alarm to wake you up in the morning, so that you won't be able to
Jocelyn Corrales: Sleep until the late morning and do some morning exercise because you know when you when you try to set up your time again early in the morning, you feel tired because you still feel sleepy do some morning exercise so weak body cells.
Jocelyn Corrales: And then
Jocelyn Corrales: Making you eat routinely
Jocelyn Corrales: Place in here that you don't eat breakfast. But, you know, you mentioned you've also mentioned that before going to work before having lunch you feel hungry already in
Jocelyn Corrales: The reason why you're not eating breakfast, because it's because you don't have appetite or probably you don't have the time to do it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Before going to work. So maybe before going to work. Ask your mother or request your mother to prepare a sandwich for you so that you could bring it to work in that instead of eating those sweet cookies or
Jocelyn Corrales: Junk food. Try eating the sandwich that she made you for breakfast, so that you know you know it.
Jocelyn Corrales: It would keep you energized. Because if you're just only eating cookie.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or eating junk food.
Jocelyn Corrales: You keep on eating more. You tend to eat a lot of snacks.
Jocelyn Corrales: Before before lunch because you would still feel how you it's like one one small bag of chips is not enough. So you have to open another like cookies or something else. So, you tend to do snack of eating a meal. So let's eat a sandwich to keep going until lunchtime.
Jocelyn Corrales: Then while you are still not working. I just placed here because you're not still working tried to eat life request, you could actually eat sandwich. If you think
Jocelyn Corrales: The swine for you could eat sandwich. You could eat eggs or anything that you think he's just like to keep you because you wake up with our own eight
Jocelyn Corrales: This very near lunchtime. So just eat the light breakfast. But if you're already waking up at around six o'clock. Like, for example, your, your routine is already six o'clock because we just started with eight
Jocelyn Corrales: Then maybe two weeks after we could do seven so we could do eight o'clock right now. Then after two weeks, we could do seven o'clock. Then after two weeks, we could do maybe 630 and once you're already waking up at around
Jocelyn Corrales: An earlier time like around six o'clock he could maybe have some a bit of a heavy meal or heavy breakfast or it just medium type of meal breakfast.
Jocelyn Corrales: And tapering down I you can see my screen right tapering down on doctor. Yes. Yes. Let's start with I think I have placed in the upper portion in the in the one that they have listed down that we're going to start with.
Jocelyn Corrales: Two to three then wanted to do three then to then want to do then one until you're able to drink.
Jocelyn Corrales: About three or four times in a week and then three cans in a week then to cancel until you're just going to drink. If you're craving and replace that Dr. Pepper which projects or does it case you if you it would interest you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Vegetable sheets, but I'm not really fond of fashionable shakes. I am I am I am a fan of projects but
Jocelyn Corrales: Just in case you don't want to eat breakfast, you could do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Usually there are some patients that I have that don't eat breakfast. But if you eat breakfast, which shakes are fine, but if you do not eat breakfast. Maybe you could do a combination of fruit and vegetable shakes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Next is early morning to be fit and healthy just do some morning exercise, you know, you could do some basic exercise or basic yoga.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: take your mind off things and keep yourself busy. You could do gardening coloring and being handcrafted in low and other hand crafts, or maybe make power cord bracelet and when, having a bad mood, try to, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Be alone and do some self meditation, you could do listen, you could listen some music. So, you know, you could
Jocelyn Corrales: Set your mood back to
Jocelyn Corrales: The usual and attend church online services and go to bed at around 10 o'clock, just in case you're not able to sleep so
Jocelyn Corrales: Before 10 o'clock at least around nine o'clock, try to do some workout exercise or probably if you don't feel like doing exercise, you could do some relaxation techniques or self meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried to listing down your plans. Although, by the time you go to work. You don't really need a the blend. But usually, if you're just at home. What I usually suggest is that you create the day plan or a weekly plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: So that you would remember what to do for today.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you okay with that we could actually include that make a deal.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could make a deal. Okay.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah, cuz I'll do that works in pounds ago make a to do list for the entire day so that way I know what needs to get done and I make sure I don't forget anything. So
That
Jocelyn Corrales: We could do a daily plan, you could create a daily tasks that it keeps it keeps you on track of things and you know you know you can do these things and it keeps you reminded of what to do.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let me save this and your
Jocelyn Corrales: Support people are the bright heart health staff family and friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm going to see you again in the next 30 days, probably in the next 30 or 35 days in, you know, this is just a temporary time. Maybe we could schedule. When you're available if you're working. Maybe we could schedule it
Jocelyn Corrales: When you're not working so
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's yes you're able to gain
Jocelyn Corrales: Work. Yes, I can. So I can also you should. I can also schedule, if, if you're working. We can schedule if when you are not working, maybe after work, or sometimes I also open up a schedule on a Saturday, just in case some of the beaches are really not able to make it during the week. Nice.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see. Let's see if you're able to sign this were aware. Let me share
Jocelyn Corrales: Their remote to you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you able to sign it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or you will, to control it.
Let's see.
Antoinette Casados: Oh yes you are.
Antoinette Casados: Oh, yes. Oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay let's let's wait
Antoinette Casados: We can only see that
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, it could be that. Okay.
Antoinette Casados: Okay.
Antoinette Casados: The US is lagging a little bit
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's just wait. Sometimes it takes time.
Antoinette Casados: Yeah, maybe it did it and it just
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, you could actually click the left bottom. Yeah, that one.
Antoinette Casados: Oh, there goes
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, let's try to save this one. Let's see if I can save it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, it's saving. That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes it doesn't work.
Antoinette Casados: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, sometimes it's that saving depends
Jocelyn Corrales: I think you're in a computer.
Antoinette Casados: I am on a laptop.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, if you're in a computer or your laptop, it's easier to do it. But if you're on the phone. It's kind of, it's kind of tricky. It's difficult sometimes it works, sometimes
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So I'm going to check on you. I'm going to send you a copy of this probably on Sunday or probably next week, but it's good that we have
Jocelyn Corrales: Our big plan and they hope it will work well for you. And the next time we visit
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. See
Jocelyn Corrales: You next time I see you, please update me of what's going on with your life. What's new with your life and what so that we could also change or you could adjust the plan based on your based
Jocelyn Corrales: On your present situation. So this is the plan that we have right now. It's because it's a clickable for your presentation, but maybe when you by the time you get back to work. Maybe this you know some of these things are not
Jocelyn Corrales: Applicable for you, like, for example, to gardening, although you could do gardening early in the morning. If you're still able to do it. It's very difficult to Oh, your mother will still there. Maybe she could do the
Antoinette Casados: Yeah.
Antoinette Casados: The watering.
Yes, yes, usually
Antoinette Casados: Yeah, usually should be in the morning and then I'll when I get home after work, then I'll do it.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's right. Okay. So it was great talking to you answer that and I hope to see you and
Antoinette Casados: They take a photo.
Jocelyn Corrales: Take a photo of your garden and the see your legs.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your projects and your bracelet.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see about it. Maybe you could shout. Show it to me or brag about being
Jocelyn Corrales: Very good at doing this and that you could do that. Okay.
Antoinette Casados: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: You have my contact number two, when the next to you. That's my direct contact number, just in case you want
Jocelyn Corrales: You know want someone to talk to, or you know need some help. You could always text me or message me and that's my direct contact number. So if you need someone to reach out to us. You can always message me. Okay, thank you. It was great talking
Antoinette Casados: To you.
Antoinette Casados: NBC as well. Thank you.
Antoinette Casados: Bye. I will you as well. Thank you.